c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Eventmanagement.dll
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Eventmanagement.pdb
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ExceptionLogging.dll
c:\users\lakshan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Data Layer\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ExceptionLogging.pdb
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll.config
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Eventmanagement.dll
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ExceptionLogging.dll
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\Eventmanagement.pdb
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\ExceptionLogging.pdb
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\Lakshan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EventMangmentApp\BusinessLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
